Feature/monetization-api members and orders api (#16)
reader-revenue/reader-revenue-demo: app/content/monetization-api.md

> <script src="https://accounts.google.com/gsi/client"></script>

Reviewer: Remove?

# Manually query member and order details with the Monetization API

Publishers can use the Monetization API to find out more information about members
and orders using the Monetization API. Unlike the [Publication API](/reference/publication-api),
the Monetization API uses service accounts for server-to-server authentication,
rather than user-scoped `access_token` authentication.

!!! info **Service Account Setup**
For more information on creating and configuring Service Accounts, please see the
[Subscription Linking Service Account Setup](https://developers.google.com/news/subscribe/subscription-linking/implementation/server-side#create_a_service_account) devsite article.
!!!

#### API Tests

Each of the following buttons requires a `readerId` to function. To properly test these,
you can use the [Add Subscribe with Google button](/swg/add-button) example to purchase an
entitlement, and the  [Publication API](/reference/publication-api) example to get your `readerId`.

<div id="readerIdForm"><code>readerId</code> input:</div>

After setting a `readerId`, the buttons will become available.

!!! hint **Logged-in user is not required**

> While the Publication API uses Sign in with Google to log in a user and generate an `accessToken`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the Publication API, which uses Sign in with Google to log in a user and generate an `accessToken`,
```

the Monetization API does not require this. Any `readerId` for the current publication may be used.
!!!

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>
        Button
      </th>
      <th>
        Details
      </th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr id="entitlementsPlans">
      <td>
        <div class="button"></div>
      </td>
      <td>
        <p>Use the Monetization API's <code>entitlementsPlans</code> endpoint to query the full detail of an entitlement for a given <code>readerId</code>.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="member">
      <td>
        <div class="button"></div>
      </td>
      <td>
        <p>Use the Monetization API to query information on any <code>readerId</code>.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="order">
      <td>
        <div class="button"></div>
      </td>
      <td>
        <p>Use the Monetization API to query order information for a particular <code>readerId</code>
        for a particular <code>orderId</code>, which can be obtained from the <code>entitlementsPlans</code> endpoint.</p>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> <div id="GISOutput"></div>

Reviewer: nit: could update this ID to be `APIOutput` or something similar ?
